com/example/shopbansach/model/Loaisp.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.Loaisp
<<<<<<< HEAD
=======
com/example/shopbansach/model/Sanpham.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.Sanpham
com/example/shopbansach/util/CheckConnection.java
 com.example.shopbansach.util.CheckConnection
com/example/shopbansach/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.shopbansach.BuildConfig
com/example/shopbansach/model/TaiKhoan.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.TaiKhoan
com/example/shopbansach/model/Giohang.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.Giohang
com/example/shopbansach/util/Server.java
 com.example.shopbansach.util.Server
>>>>>>> origin/master
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityMainBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityMainBinding
com/example/shopbansach/util/CheckConnection.java
 com.example.shopbansach.util.CheckConnection
com/example/shopbansach/activity/Chitietsanpham.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Chitietsanpham
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Chitietsanpham$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Chitietsanpham$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Chitietsanpham$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Chitietsanpham$4
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Chitietsanpham$5
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ProgressbarBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ProgressbarBinding
com/example/shopbansach/activity/VanHocActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$4
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$5
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$6
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$7
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$8
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$9
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$ThreadData
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.VanHocActivity$mHandler
com/example/shopbansach/adapter/TruyenTranhAdapter.java
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.TruyenTranhAdapter
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.TruyenTranhAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/shopbansach/activity/LienHeActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.LienHeActivity
com/example/shopbansach/activity/ThongBaoActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongBaoActivity
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongBaoActivity$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongBaoActivity$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongBaoActivity$3
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/DongGiohangBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.DongGiohangBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/DongTruyentranhBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.DongTruyentranhBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityThongtinkhachhangBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityThongtinkhachhangBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/DongSanphammoinhatBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.DongSanphammoinhatBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityVanHocBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityVanHocBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityLienHeBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityLienHeBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/DongVanhocBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.DongVanhocBinding
com/example/shopbansach/activity/ThongtinTaiKhoan.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongtinTaiKhoan
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongtinTaiKhoan$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.ThongtinTaiKhoan$2
com/example/shopbansach/activity/Thongtinkhachhang.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2$1$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2$1$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2$1$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Thongtinkhachhang$2$3
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityTaiKhoanBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityTaiKhoanBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityDangKyBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityDangKyBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityGiohangBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityGiohangBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityChitietsanphamBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityChitietsanphamBinding
com/example/shopbansach/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.shopbansach.BuildConfig
com/example/shopbansach/activity/Login.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Login
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Login$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Login$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Login$3
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityThongtinTaiKhoanBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityThongtinTaiKhoanBinding
com/example/shopbansach/util/Server.java
 com.example.shopbansach.util.Server
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityLoginBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityLoginBinding
com/example/shopbansach/adapter/VanHocAdapter.java
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.VanHocAdapter
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.VanHocAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityTruyenTranhBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityTruyenTranhBinding
com/example/shopbansach/model/Giohang.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.Giohang
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/DongSanphamgiamgiaBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.DongSanphamgiamgiaBinding
com/example/shopbansach/activity/TruyenTranhActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$4
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$5
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$6
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$7
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$8
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$9
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$ThreadData
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TruyenTranhActivity$mHandler
com/example/shopbansach/adapter/LoaispAdapter.java
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.LoaispAdapter
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.LoaispAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/DongListviewLoaispBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.DongListviewLoaispBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityTimKiemBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityTimKiemBinding
com/example/shopbansach/databinding/ActivityThongBaoBinding.java
 com.example.shopbansach.databinding.ActivityThongBaoBinding
com/example/shopbansach/adapter/SanphamAdapter.java
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.SanphamAdapter
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.SanphamAdapter$ItemHolder
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.SanphamAdapter$ItemHolder$1
com/example/shopbansach/model/Sanpham.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.Sanpham
com/example/shopbansach/activity/MainActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$10
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$11
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$4
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$5
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$6
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$7
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$8
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.MainActivity$9
com/example/shopbansach/activity/TimKiemActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TimKiemActivity
com/example/shopbansach/adapter/GioHangAdapter.java
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.GioHangAdapter
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.GioHangAdapter$1
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.GioHangAdapter$2
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.GioHangAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/shopbansach/model/TaiKhoan.java
 com.example.shopbansach.model.TaiKhoan
com/example/shopbansach/activity/Giohang.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang$3$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang$3$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.Giohang$4
com/example/shopbansach/adapter/SanPhamGgAdapter.java
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.SanPhamGgAdapter
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.SanPhamGgAdapter$ItemHolder1
 com.example.shopbansach.adapter.SanPhamGgAdapter$ItemHolder1$1
com/example/shopbansach/activity/TaiKhoanActivity.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity$4
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity$5
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.TaiKhoanActivity$6
com/example/shopbansach/activity/DangKy.java
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.DangKy
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.DangKy$1
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.DangKy$2
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.DangKy$3
 com.example.shopbansach.activity.DangKy$4
